Create release template (#384)
NCAR/geocat-comp: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release.md

---
name: Release Request

> about: Request a version bump and release for this package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Request a release for this package
```

title: '[Release]: <version-number>'
labels: release, high-priority
assignees: 'pilotchute'
---

> # For Package Leader
> ## What is the new version number for this release?
> ### vYYYY.MM.##
> 
> ## Write a plain text, non-technical summary of the major release points
> 
> # Check list for dev ops
> - [ ] version number has been updated in meta.yaml
> - [ ] release-notes.rst has been updated with latest release notes
> - [ ] a new tag and release has been made on GitHub
> - [ ] feedstock PR has been merged
> - [ ] new version can be installed via pip
> - [ ] new version can be installed via conda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## For Package Leader
Version: vYYYY.MM.##
Plain text summary of significant changes:

## Release progress checklist
- [ ] version number has been updated in meta.yaml
- [ ] release-notes.rst has been updated with latest release notes
- [ ] a new tag and release has been made on GitHub
- [ ] feedstock PR has been merged
- [ ] new version can be installed via pip
- [ ] new version can be installed via conda
```
